One thing that I would like to add to this profile, this my posts page or screen is that when we first
arrive at this screen, we want to display a spinner while the image is loading.
Keep in mind that we have accessed here the is loading flag, but we haven't actually used it.
So what I would like to do is I would like to go in the my post screen composable at the end, I'm going
to add and if is loading.
I'm going to add a common progress spinner.
OK, so we wanted this play a common spinner, if the flag is loading and when that is said to false,
then that will not be shown.
And in order to see this better, I'm going to go to my main common bits here in cheek, signed in and
I'm going to change the destination from feeds to my posts so that we go straight to the screen and
we see the spinner more clearly.
So let's go ahead and run this.
And hopefully, we will end up on the screen with kind of a spinner happening while it's retrieving
some data.
OK, so the data, I think, is already there because we get the information here, but the spinner
is happening in the background while the data is being retrieved by the view model.
OK, so we have now as spinner as well to tell the user that something is happening in the background
if that takes a bit longer to retrieve to show the information.
All right.
That's it for this video.
I will see you in the next one.